Update content-inspection-built-in.md by removing image MIME type. (#421)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/content-inspection-built-in.md

1. First, Cloud App Security performs Near Real-Time (NRT) scan of drives and events that are detected to be new or changed.
2. After that scan is complete, Cloud App Security performs a continuous scan of all relevant files in all drives.

> Both the files in the NRT scan and the continuous scan are added to the queue for inspection. The order of the files in the scan queue is set per activity on files and on the scan of your drives. Files' content are scanned only if the file metadata shows it's a supported MIME type (documents, presentations, spreadsheets, text, and zip/archive files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the files in the NRT scan and the continuous scan are added to the queue for inspection. The order of the files in the scan queue is set per activity on files and on the scan of your drives. The file contents are scanned only if the file metadata shows it's a supported MIME type (documents, presentations, spreadsheets, text, and zip/archive files).
```
